Okay,
I don't really know why I'm doing this.
That's a lie. I know why I'm doing this.
I'm doing this
because
I feel helpless.
And
there's a kind of power in talking about
problems.
And I'm also kind of narcissistic. So, I
want to share it with all of you.
Uh, I recently made the decision to stop
smoking in my live streams because I
think it's immoral. A lot of the people
watching them, they're gaming live
streams. A lot of people watching them
are kids. So, I think it's not moral to
smoke while you're doing that in front
of those people. But, I'm not going to
push this out to my subs. So,
and I'm still smoking. And if I'm going
to do something like this, there's just
no way I can do it without smoking. So
if you're a kid, let this be the first
lesson.
Don't smoke.
I don't know what's going to happen to
me 10 to 15 years from now.
Statistically speaking, it's not looking
good, but hopefully I quit very soon.
It's on my list of things to do.
Um, but I apologize for even doing this,
but I'm weak and I need to do it if I'm
going to do what I want to do here.
I'll probably smoke 10 of them before
this is over. Um,
so I am a 35year-old
loser
and there's no getting around that fact.
I spent all of my 20s and half of my 30s
so far
doing
almost nothing productive.
I smoked pot.
I watched porn.
I played video games.
Smoked cigarettes. Got drunk.
And I never took the time to really
invest in my future, my finances,
skill sets, knowledge bases, all that.
It's not that I have no knowledge or
skills, but
none of it's very marketable.
It might be marketable for something
like YouTube, but I'm old enough to know
and I'm old enough to the point where I
don't have the luxury of time
where I can bet on YouTube or content
creation or whatever to pay off.
I'm going to do it. Um, no matter what I
do, I'll make room for this in some
capacity just because I just feel like I
need some kind of like creative comedic
kind of outlet.
So, but I I recognize that it's not the
kind of thing that you can bank on
making a living off of. And even if even
if you get get lucky and maybe you're
making good money for like a fiveyear
period, you know, that can go away
overnight.
So, I'm not I'm not putting all my eggs
in this basket only because it makes
zero sense. If I was 20, 25,
I could do it more with less risk, but
I'm not. I'm not even 30. I'm 35. I just
turned 35
two months ago.
Two months ago to the day, actually.
And that's the first lesson.
Well, the second lesson after don't do
this that I want to teach in part upon
young people.
Although I have a feeling if you found
this video, you're probably not that
young. But in the off chance that I do
get a couple of youngsters here, and I
know that the 40 and 50 year olds are
laughing at me because 35 is young,
whatever. Compared to a 20-year-old, I'm
old as [__]
And the first thing I want to impress
upon you if you're in your 20s, 25, even
if you're even if you're like pre-30,
and and again, I don't want anyone who's
over 30 to lose hope here because I I
don't think it's over at 35 or even 45,
but what happens as you age is your
options
shrink. Your options rapidly fall away.
And what you might have done in your
20s, maybe you take a couple of years,
two, maybe five years to explore
different career path options.
When you start to near 40, you have less
time to spend
researching that kind of stuff and
developing an idea of what you would
like to do for a living.
So, it's very important that you do that
work as early as possible. If you're
teenager, that's great. 20s, whatever.
Again, 30s, even like I'm not trying to
say like, oh, I'm just going to roll
over and die here. That's not that is
not the message I want to impart on
anyone. For myself, I'm not going to do
that, but also if you are over 30, 40,
you know, don't give up. It's it's not
it. Trust me, the alternative is far
worse than what you'll have to go
through. Well, I shouldn't say trust me.
I haven't done it yet, but you know what
I'm saying. I I'm not trying to take the
wind out of anybody's sales. Uh, I'm
just trying to really what really what
I'm trying to do is just assuage my own
anxiety by talking about this and maybe
as a secondary
goal I can impart a little bit of advice
to people who maybe can benefit from it.
The number one thing, don't smoke. The
number one thing.
Um,
but yeah, a big piece of advice I would
give to you is if you're in your 20s,
those 20s go by real fast.
And uh you want to get a handle on your
future as early as possible because
every year that you don't is a year
you'll never get back and it's one year
less you will have to play with later if
you do eventually decide to get your
[__] together.
So start early because I can guarantee
you if you don't you will regret it. I'm
experiencing it firsthand.
I guess I should probably just like
tell all here. Uh, I'm 35 years old
and I live at home with my mother
and we're actually living in my
grandfather's house.
U, not to bismerch my mother, but you
know, we both kind of [__] up with our
money, although she's doing a lot better
than I am. She worked for many years in
a good career, so she has money a little
bit.
decent social security. So, she's she's
okay. I think I hope,
but I've never left home
and I've never told anybody this.
So, if my friends see this,
it's going to be embarrassing.
Um,
I worked I I wasn't a total meat.
Uh, you know, back in the day in high
school, I worked in Burger King. Looks
like I'm going to be working there again
real soon.
After that, I worked retail couple of
years, delivered pizza a couple years.
Love that job. Uh, pay wasn't amazing
and and with the uh
I delivered with my own vehicle. If you
ever, by the way, if you're ever
thinking about delivering anything,
pizza, whatever, uh, never do it with
your own vehicle because just take
whatever you're making and take like 90%
of it and just throw it in the trash
because all that's going to go to car
repairs. They usually pay for your gas
while you're driving. But even then, I
don't think they fully they paid for it
fully, but they pay for most of it. But
the amount of money that you will spend,
there's another piece of advice. If
you're thinking about delivering pizza
or whatever, always use a company car.
Never take a job if you're have to use
your own car. I know that's probably
most local places you'll have to use
your own car. I'm telling you, it's a
[__] scam. The amount of money you're
going to spend on repairs, oil changes,
and not even just repairs and oil
changes, at a certain point, the repairs
just become not worth it anymore, and
you just have to get a new car. And
that's going to cost all kinds of money
in debt. And if you're delivering pizza
with your own car, you're going to have
to get a car real soon. You'll be lucky
if that car lasts a year or two, maybe
three if it's low mileage when you
start. Not worth it. If you if you use a
company car and you don't live in a
sketchy area, I didn't really live in a
sketchy area. I had a couple of close
calls, but you know, if you're not
living in the ghetto or you're not
working in the ghetto and you can use a
company car, it's a pretty nice job.
Honestly, you can make okay money if
it's busy, but
good luck finding that. That's a that's
a crazy dream job. But even then, who
wants to be a pizza delivery man until
they're 50? I'm pro, again, I'm probably
going to have to freaking do it at some
point.
So, I delivered pizza
and then I went to work after that at
the mortgage company that my mother
worked at. Uh, she was a VP in the
servicing department and I went to work
in the servicing department.
I was a Nepo baby
and for 12 years I worked at this
mortgage company as a nepo baby
in what is basically an entry-level
position. By the end of what I was
doing,
I had more responsibilities and it was a
little bit more complicated than an
entry- level position, but not by much.
I was only making like 21 and change an
hour, which is not a lot, working barely
35 hours a week.
And I got laid off
last December.
The company's been doing kind of rough
and it's the market. It's horrible right
now and they're not immune to it. And I
think the company like literally lost
like half of its employees over the last
few years. and I didn't make it through
the last round. And uh
basically ever since then, for the last
eight months, nine months, I've been
unemployed,
working very inconsistently on this
YouTube thing. And and now the the gravy
train is ending. I'm running out of
money. My mother can no longer support
me. She's retired.
So, uh, the reality of life and
adulthood is finally starting to set in
for the first time.
And I have got to be honest,
it is absolutely terrifying.
One piece of advice I could give is
unless you're smart enough and
disciplined enough to treat it correctly
and maybe only treat it as like a
stepping stone, do not take an epotistic
job.
Um,
again, I can't speak for everybody.
Some, you know, you got a family
business, like a family-owned business,
and you're working for your parents or
that's fine, you know, whatever. But if
you get an in in a company, especially
especially if you get an in in their
department with a family member,
especially if they're in a position of
authority, I don't even know how how
they allow that kind of [__] but like I
wouldn't allow that in my company, but
don't go for it because,
you know, I worked at this place for 12
years. my entire basically basically my
entire 20s and a little bit into my 30s,
most of my 20s and a little bit into my
30s. And
I'm not going to totally blame the
nepotism. I'm not trying to blame my mom
here, but I can speak from experience.
At least for me, again, it might not
apply to everybody, but for me, the
nepotism thing,
it just the whole time I was working
there, it was this extremely toxic
environment. You know, I knew I didn't
belong there. I mean, don't get me
wrong, like, I could do the job. It's
not a hard job, but, you know, I got
there from someone else. And as a
result, I never appreciated it. I always
took it for granted. I was lazy. I was
late every single day. Sometimes showing
up 45 minutes late. They were pretty
chill about that kind of stuff. Like you
get in like 10 minutes late, it's not a
big deal. But man, I pushed that [__]
every day. 30 minutes, 45 minutes. It
was ridiculous. Sometimes an hour.
Ridiculous. I always worked the number
of hours I needed to, although not
diligently, but I would show up late
constantly.
And while they may not say it to your
face, all of your co-workers are
thinking it exactly what you're
thinking. this [__] loser.
And uh and as a result, you can like
even if you wanted to, which to be fair,
I didn't because I've been depressed and
and a pthead the whole time. Cummer, but
even if I wanted to be friends with my
co-workers,
you know, I'd have to really really work
because you're you're always in that
scenario kind of
looked down upon a little bit. Rightly
so. I'm not try I'm not blaming them,
you know. And I did I did myself no
favors by not really applying myself and
just coasting the whole time, which just
made it worse. Like I I was just
confirming
their prejudice and stereotype. I was
just living up to it. I I was just Yeah,
that's who he is. That's what he is.
And I didn't care about the job. I
didn't appreciate it. You know, I could
have worked my way up the ladder a
little bit, gotten more
responsibilities, applied myself. I'm a
smart guy. I like to think I'm a
relatively well spoken guy. I I could
have navigated the corporate environment
hierarchy.
I even had my supervisor who fired me
and I think didn't like me by the end of
it. Uh she she'd only been my supervisor
for like a year, my manager for like a
year before I got fired. Uh, at first
she she liked me and she um
even spoke well of me to the owner of
the company. She said I was smart and
stuff.
uh by the end of it, you know, once she
got to know me and got to work with me
for a year, year and a half,
uh
by the end of it, I don't think she was,
she probably thought I was smart, but
she knew that I had many other qualities
that kind of uh crowded out the
intelligence, lack of discipline,
laziness, depression, anxiety. I don't
like to blame those things, but they
don't help. They contribute to the
problem. And it's ultimately your
responsibility to deal with that. Like,
you know, as as a as a in a business, no
one cares that you're depressed. That's
your job. You're just there to make them
money. They don't care about your
personal problems. That's your
responsibility to That's another piece
of advice. You know, your problems are
your problems. And an employer, they
don't give a [__] and they shouldn't
give a [__] It's not their
responsibility. If they gave a [__]
about that, they wouldn't be making
money.
When you come to a workplace, when you
come to a profession, a career,
whatever, you're presenting yourself as
an asset to a team to help that team
make money.
And anything that undermines your
ability to be an asset to that team. It
doesn't matter why. It doesn't matter if
you have a real a Saab story. It doesn't
matter if you really can justify it and
and give a good explanation for why you
are the way you are. It doesn't matter.
Money talks. [__] walks.
you need to perform. And they they're
not there to be your friend. They're not
there to be your counselor. They're not
there to be your mommy or your daddy
that you didn't have. They're there to
make money. And you're there to help
them make money. And they're going to
pay you some of that money.
I lost my train of thought. I don't even
know what I was talking about. Now, this
is why another reason, don't smoke pot.
Another advice, don't smoke pot. So
stupid. I haven't smoked in a little
bit, like 15 minutes.
Um,
so yeah, I mean I guess I worked there
for 12 years.
Didn't apply myself. Never got promoted.
Got a few raises to keep up with
inflation. Barely didn't probably,
but it's I didn't not get promoted
because they were out to get me. I
didn't get promoted because I offered
nothing worth promoting.
And then because of that, this most
recent round of layoffs, I'm sure a lot
of most of the department that I worked
in is probably still working there
because they had their [__] together. A
couple of them, I know
there's like two or three people who got
laid off around the same time I did. And
it was already a lean department.
There's probably only like three or four
or five people left.
But, you know, I'm sure most of them, if
not all, are still there because they're
good workers. they out they're a value
ad to the company and they deserve it.
Uh but I didn't.
So I got fired,
laid off, downsized, whatever you want
to call it, but whatever way you want to
church it up. I couldn't keep my job,
but other people did. So call it fired
if you want.
And then
about six months later, I turned 35
years old.
And when I got fired, I had a small 401k
about $20,000, $25,000.
And I did I cashed it out.
I used it to buy pay off my car, which
is one good, like probably the only good
financial decision I've ever made is to
pay off my car. My car has less than
70,000 miles on it and it's a Toyota, so
that could probably last me a little
while if I take care of it.
Don't have a car payment anymore.
I do, however, have credit card debt and
a personal loan
totaling about less than $10,000 in
debt. But the last couple of months, and
again, I am laying it all out here. You
know, this is embarrassing to say. The
last couple of months, I have been
missing payments. Still don't have a
job. Why don't you have a job? Because
I'm a [__] idiot. I I have been
looking. I just I just went to
Cumberland Farms for an interview that I
had scheduled and they weren't even
hiring.
Isn't that great? You apply on Indeed.
They automatically enroll you for an
interview. You spend all this time
filling out these forms. You scheduled
the interview, but you never actually
dealt with a person. And I show up.
Lady has no idea what I'm talking about.
Apparently, the computer systems they
I'm assuming they simply just didn't
take the time to toggle a setting to not
automatically interview people.
But but either way, it's still on me
because I knew in the back of my head, I
haven't talked to a person yet.
You know, it's kind I feel like there's
not a security to this interview because
I haven't spoken to a human being yet.
And maybe I should call them or
something and I never did.
And then a few days later, I show up
bright and early at 9:00 a.m., which for
me is very difficult right now because
my sleep schedule's so messed up. I'm
basically up all night.
And I show up there half asleep but
trying to look presentable and for
Cumberland Farms
and uh
no interview, no idea what I was talking
about.
And for a minute I was really
crestfallen.
Part of me was relieved because I don't
want to work at Cumberland Farms.
And I went home
to my mother
and I was just like
I don't know. I wouldn't say I was
distraught when I got home. By the time
I got home, I had kind of calmed down. I
was like whatever.
And uh I was looking at my Indeed resume
and I I applied to a couple of uh places
that were kind of similar to what I used
to do. Haven't gotten any calls back on
those. I need to interview for I need to
interview for like a hundred a day. I
understand I have to do that. These this
is a skill set I do not have and I have
to rapidly learn.
But we were I was looking at my Indeed
resume
and
I read it out loud. I'm not going to do
that here, but I read it out loud
and I read it to my mom and she listened
and and we both kind of agreed. she, you
know, her obviously I, you know, she
told me and I kind of agreed and felt
good about that it was a good
description of my job, right? You you
put your job in the resume, the years
that you were there, and then you have a
little blurb explaining what you were
doing. And it's kind of a way to both
signal the kind of work you were doing,
but also the kind of person you are
through the way you present it with
writing and persuasive writing,
marketing yourself a little bit without
being
clumsy about it.
And we both agreed it was a good
blurb, a good resume
blur, whatever you want to call it. It
was intelligent. It was cogent. It was
comprehensive. Although there's one duty
I I realize I forgot to add to it. I
have to go and add. But uh it's
comprehensive. It was clear, well
written. Um it helped. It kind of
highlighted some softer skills I have
that are useful like image editing and
uh and writing.
And
I went from
cuz like at this time I had really only
been looking for like retail because
because I had spent so many years in
this job doing the bare minimum and
being a terrible employee, the worst
kind of employee.
Um I kind of wasn't even bothering to
look for anything adjacent to what I was
doing. I was just looking for retail
because I know I can do I was I was
selling myself short. I was I I wasn't
giving myself enough credit for my
intelligence and my experience. And
again, you know, very low-level stuff,
but you know, it's it's not it's better
than Walmart, you know, better than
Burger King. And I'm not trying to d you
know, look down on anyone who works at
there. I'm just saying in terms of the
marketability of skills and experience,
you know, it's it's better than if I had
just worked at Walmart the whole time.
So after I discussed this with her, my
mother who I live with,
you know, I made the decision, well,
maybe I shouldn't set my sights so low,
right? Maybe I shouldn't
just go to Cumberland Farms. I'm going
to have to work retail or something in
the short term just because I need
money. I need income.
Um,
but at the same time,
I've I've been applying to these more
adjacent positions at companies,
title companies, mortgage companies,
banks, that kind of thing.
And in doing this, I I've, you know, my
thought my sights were set on something
a little higher and more ambitious than
retail.
Because I realized like, you know,
retail, you know, especially 35 years
old, you know, you think, oh, I'm just
going to do it for a year or two while I
get my feet under me. And then you wake
up at 50 years old and you're still
working retail. really easy, especially
if you make it work and you put you get
enough jobs and you put enough hours
together that you can pay your basic
rent at a shitty apartment and then
you're because you're working so many
hours and it's so soul crushing the jobs
that you're doing and the compensation
you're getting. You have no energy left
or ambition left.
energy, uh, uh, happiness,
uh,
good vibes left to get out of it, to go
to school, to set your sights higher, to
start a business, whatever it is, it
just becomes kind of enough. And you're
also so depleted at the end of it that
the the effort required to get out of
it, uh, is just too much. And the older
that you get,
the less energy you have. So that it
just compounds and compounds.
So, while I was in this headsp space of
recalibrating
my abilities and capabilities,
setting my sights a little higher than
Walmart or Burger King,
I'm not going to name the field only
because if I do get into this, I want as
much as possible to keep my professional
and my streaming life separate.
So I'm not going to give too many
details on the exact field. It's going
to I feel bad about this because I want
to be totally open and honest, but at
the same time just for risk mitigation I
have to be a little bit opaque about
this.
But suffice it to say the field is
you know businessoriented kind of not
business owning but businessoriented.
If you spend
your time
to upskill and all that
and you put in crazy hours for a few
years and you're really driven and
hungry, you can make decent money. Not
millionaire status, but you can make a
few hundred thousand if you're really
good and you go to the higher levels.
But even at like the lower and mid
levels, you can make,
you know, high five figures,
sub six figures, you know,
which is not great, especially depending
on where you live, but it's a lot better
than Walmart.
So, I kind of considered getting into
it.
So then when you decide to get into
something like this, you research
everything. You look up all the pros and
cons, you read Reddit posts by people
who are doing it. And uh you know, I get
a lot of a lot of mixed messages. Some
people hate their jobs, some people like
it. Some people say AI and outsourcing
and all this is replacing everything.
Some people say it isn't.
And I'm in this situation now where I'm
35.
I don't know what I want to do. Do I
want to do this thing? Do I want to do
that thing? There's a couple of options.
But they all require like many years of
school. Maybe not a lot. Maybe you only
need two to four years of school. some
of them maybe five or six
which is not just a time commitment
which is important when you're this age
but also it's a money commitment with
student loans and you know and then I'm
reading these horror stories about the
job market which I know the job market
today isn't going to be the job market 5
10 years from now but could be worse I
mean who knows you know
so I'm in this position now where I'm 35
I have basically nothing.
Um,
I have some time. Like I'm not like 50
or 60. And even if you're 50 or 60, you
could probably do some things, but like
I don't have again the luxury of trying
things out. I'll spend a year doing
that. I'll spend a year doing this.
Maybe I could get away with that for
like two to three years trying to like
not like just sitting around thinking,
but actually going after things and
seeing if they work.
But again, by then I'll be 37 years old,
38. I'll be almost 40 years old just
figuring out what I want.
I'll be way behind the ball. My earning
potential will be crippled.
And uh and there's there's no guarantee
at the end of it to even have a job
waiting. That's the reason like even
during my 20s, which now is like when I
was 20, that's 15 years ago. Even back
then, I did go to community college. I
got an ass community college associates
gened degree. It took me four years to
get a gened degree from a community
college.
Uh
but I didn't really take education
seriously, schooling seriously because,
you know, you're told college is
worthless. College degrees are
worthless. You know,
you can't get a job with a college
degree. even if you get a college
degree,
there are no jobs out there to get. So,
and and you know, they're all liberal
libshits in college. So, I was just like
culturally
I wasn't built for it. And and you know,
I just I hate sitting in a goddamn
classroom. I'm just not that kind of
person.
So, I didn't go to college really. I
didn't really get a degree and I didn't
really and more importantly I didn't get
any real experience or skill sets or
knowledge marketable knowledge
marketable skill sets in my 20s
that I could now leverage in my 30s
and again you hear people you know I
I've read these stories I'm going to try
to keep it vague of people with like 15
years experience all over different you
know an industry uh high certifications
high credentials and even they are
having a hard time finding work. So then
I'm thinking about now at 35 just
potentially getting into it,
you know, not really being done with my
schooling until like 39, 40 years old,
it's going to take, you know, if I want
to get a bachelor's,
you know, it's going to take at least
four years. And if I'm doing that while
I'm working full-time,
am I going to get it done in four years?
Maybe it takes me five or six.
But for a brief moment when I had
decided to do this thing,
a lot of the anxiety went away because I
had direction that I was going to do
something.
But now I'm back to kind of feeling
crestfallen.
I thought I didn't think about this
initially. I didn't think about this
until tonight, actually. And this kind
of it's one of the reasons I'm doing
this. Um, I want to be a content
creator. I want to be a streamer. I want
to play video games. I want to crack
jokes. I want to I want to do stuff like
this, talk, and just chill
and meet people, talk to people.
I want to do that.
Um,
I know it's
hard to do that as a full-time job. And
like I said earlier, like even if you
manage to get lucky and turn it into a
full-time job, you never know, you know,
which way the the winds are blowing in
terms of your audience, you could be
really relevant and successful for a
year, two, three, five years, and then
no one cares anymore. You're too old. Uh
you get lazy, whatever. Just the niche
that you're in just is no longer viable.
Like I want to do largely like video
game kind of stuff. And then I'm reading
lately that Gen Alpha doesn't play video
games. They're playing all mobile games
now. No one plays video games. So I'm
like, I don't think video games will
ever go away. And gamers are always are
aging with me. Like the average gamer is
like my age now.
But you know, things like that can
happen. Algorithmic changes. You say
something you shouldn't and you get
demonetized or banned. I mean, I want to
be kind of a funny guy, so
there's that risk as well. you're still
working when you're work when you're a
YouTuber or a Twitch streamer or
whatever.
There are other places like Rumble and
Kick, but the two main games in town are
Twitch and uh YouTube, and those are
often worked together in tandem with
each other in the streamer kind of
thing.
And you know, you're working for a
couple of bosses,
uh either of which could fire you at any
at any time.
And you know, if you're trying to be a
funny guy, maybe a little edgy,
uh there is that risk that you want to
follow of their guidelines and just they
can just turn it off overnight and you
are [__]
So,
while I definitely do want to do this
YouTube thing and I do want to
create stuff, stream, crack jokes,
whatever.
Uh, I can't look at it. And again, if I
was 20 or 25, sure. If I was 20, try it
out. Do it. You know, if it does, if you
get banned or it doesn't work out in
five years, you're 25. You can do
something else. But now I'm 35.
So again, again, we come back to that
once you hit, you know, once you get
over that 30, it's like your time, you
don't have time anymore. Your time, or
you do, but it's a lot less. And you
have to start thinking more
strategically about what you do with
your time. And things have to have more
immediate returns for you to consider
them because more immediate and secure
returns to consider them because you
don't have the time. You don't have the
time. You have less energy.
So I was feeling really good about this
potential new career path I had
identified.
For a minute, for a few days, I was
feeling really good and I was like, I'm
going to do this. It's going to work.
I'm gonna I'm gonna do YouTube on the
side. Maybe I can build, you know, build
the YouTube while I'm working this thing
and have dual incomes maybe or
something.
And then today I realized that
being a content creator, especially
being
not being a milktoast kind of corpor
advertiser friendly content creator
is a big risk
because you know you could piss somebody
off,
the employer could find the YouTube
channel, whatever. Somehow
your content creator identity
gets back to your employer and depending
on the job, depending on the industry,
depending on the position, how high up
or low low down it is, that could be a
problem. You could get fired for that.
They could not like some of the jokes
you were making, not like some of the
topics you're discussing.
Um,
and uh, and when I realized that,
it re it kind of took all the wind out
of my sales because for a few days I was
riding high. I was like, "Oh, I think I
finally have some direction. It's
practical. It's tangible. It's
realistic. It pays okay." You know, it's
a real thing.
But if I if I pursue this, does that
mean I have to quit doing this? Now, I
haven't even really started doing this,
you know? I mean, I'm super early in
this process of YouTube and content
creation and all that, but
if I go deeper, if I spend five, four,
five years in school, and all the while
I'm working on this YouTube thing and it
starts get picking up,
what happens? What happens if I I spend
that time and money to go to school, get
my degree, come out, get a job, then I
lose it in a year, two years, because I
got doxed or cancelled or whatever.
So then I was like, well then I have to
choose then like I have to do this thing
or I have to do YouTube.
But neither option is viable.
If I just did this thing and I quit
YouTube, I might as well just kill
myself now. I'm not advocating that.
Suicide is horrible and you're
devastating the lives of everyone and
your people you don't even know will be
harmed and you're it's a temporary
solution to a sorry it's a permanent
solution to a temporary problem.
But you know if I had to give up YouTube
or content creation entirely, I just I
would be miserable. I'd be working this
job.
I wouldn't be making a shitload of
money. And I would always feel like I'm
leaving my soul on the table. Like I'm
I'm taking my soul out and I'm putting
it in an envelope and I'm handing it to
my employer and he's taking it and
putting it in a drawer.
And in exchange for that envelope with
my soul in it, he gives me a paycheck
each week. And probably not even a great
one to be honest. Probably just barely
enough to afford a studio.
And I just can't do that. I cannot do
that.
But equally, I cannot just be a YouTuber
for the reasons I've listed. It's too
insecure.
The odds of even getting to a point
where you're making a decent enough
living at it, it's
might not happen. You know, it's a very
risky. It's very um uncertain in terms
of it ever actually taking off. And even
if it does take off, it's very fickle.
You know, at any moment you could get I
mean there are a million there are a
million
um
risks to being a content creator as your
main focus. You can get cancelled. They
can do algorithmic changes that just
make it really hard to make money if
you're not making absolute dog [__] slop
like all these shorts we see. Don't even
get me started on the shorts, dude. I
could rant about that for an hour. these
dudes. These dudes who will just take
someone else's clip, some other viral
clip that's just been going viral, and
they'll just have their face above it,
and they're not even [__] saying
anything. They're just looking at it
like
it's it's the most degenerate form of
content. You could have you could have
hardcore gay pornography on YouTube. It
would be less degenerate than these
shorts, fake reactor channels because
they're not even reacting. They're not
saying anything. They're just making
faces and the faces aren't even legit.
They're fake mugged faces where they're
going like
they're pretending like they're holding
in laughter. You know what the [__] I'm
talking about. You've seen these.
They're pretending like they're holding
in laughter while they're watching some
clip that you've seen a thousand times.
They're not even sincerely reacting.
They're pretending to react to a viral
clip that's not even their own. It
shouldn't. I I don't even think it is
actually allowed on YouTube. I'm pretty
sure that kind of React content is
against toos because you're not adding
anything, but they're everywhere.
Don't even get me started, man.
So, there could be algorithmic changes.
You could get cancelled.
You could and also even even if you play
your cards right, you don't run a foul
of the toos and you manage to stay on
top of the algorithm game and all that,
you could just lose relevance. You know,
you could just not that I have any
relevance now, but if I were able to
build some, you know, you can just lose
it overnight. People are fickled. People
age out of things. Generations pass and
and and different kinds of things become
relevant.
And uh you know like for example think
of like Asmin Gold. Is Asmin Gold going
to be a big famous creator until he's
70? It's possible. If anyone can do it,
it's him because he's already built that
brand and he's good at what he does. But
for a lot of people, especially people
who would just start at 35, can you be
secure? Even if you were to bust your
ass off for 10 years building your
online thing, you know, is that going to
be there 10 years from then, 20 years
from then, are you going to be able to
live off of that? Are you going to be
able to retire off of that? It's very
It's very fickle.
So, I can't just be a YouTuber because I
need to make money now and I'm not going
to be making that much money off of
YouTube in the short term, if you know,
at all. And like I said, even if I were
to make money on YouTube, it could go
away like that. So, being a pure
YouTuber just isn't in the cards for me
either. Just like being a pure whatever,
you know, basic normal job isn't really
a thing for me either.
So, I don't really have an option. I
don't I I don't really have an option
other than to just kind of do both
things. Normal job, YouTube on the side.
If YouTube lets me quit my job, great.
But, you know, even that it's like,
would you want to quit your job?
Probably not, because YouTube can go
away. Maybe you could downsize the
amount of time you're working at your
job. I don't know.
But, you know, even so, I was so I was
kind of back. I was back. We're back.
And I was like, "Okay, I'll just do
both." And [__] you know, worrying
about getting cancelled or doxed or
whatever. I'll just do my best to kind
of separate the two worlds. I'm not
going to, no matter what I do, it's not
going to be some super high position in
New York or whatever. It's going to be,
you know, low-level local kind of gig.
So, that kind of scrutiny isn't on you
as much at that level.
So, I could probably make it work. I
could probably do the thing and do
content creation if I'm
fidious about keeping the two separate.
But then, you know, so I was so I was
back. I was like, "Okay, I'm going to do
both." And I don't care about the risks.
I mean, I care about them. I'm aware of
them, but I'm not going to let that stop
me.
And then I'm I'm on Reddit again reading
testimonials from people in the industry
that I'm looking at and just like
everywhere else are saying how terrible
the job market is. And again, like I
said, people with 15 years experience,
high certifications and degrees, you
know, they can't find work. And those
are like the only people who can find
work. If they're if you're going to find
work, you're going to be one of those
highlevel people. But it's even going to
be hard for you if you're an entry
level, which is what I would be at 40
years old. It's real hard. know again
that's now 5 10 years from now it might
not be that bad I don't know uh the
trends don't look good to me it seems
like it's just going to get worse until
we have a political revolution in this
country and a civil war I mean that's a
whole other thing is the future is so
uncertain from a civilizational
perspective that that that just throws a
monkey wrench into any plans I try to
make
so I'm I'm truly at a loss here
I think for now I am going to pursue
this thing while also doing this YouTube
thing.
But, you know,
I don't know if it's going to work out.
I don't know if I'll decide to switch
career, you know, switch to a different
path, you know, while I'm in school.
Uh, I considered programming,
but like again, programming to me seems
like
it's I think it is the one, right, that
gets outsourced and AI, but like I think
programming is a little bit more secure.
But the problem is I'm not a programmer.
I've never been a programmer. I'm not
even good at math.
Um,
I think I would probably like the work
of pro
if if
I had the aptitude for it, I think I
would like programming more than this
other thing.
Um,
but again, programming requires a lot of
math and and you're I'm competing with
like 20 year olds who are programmers
who've been into programming since they
were teenagers or younger or at the very
least into it since they were in their
20s. And I'm 35 and I'm just now I don't
know any programming, right? I know
Windows. I know I play video games so
like I know how to do some basic like I
could I could do it no problem. You
know, I'm a PC gamer, so you you know,
I've troubleshooted a shitload of stuff
on my own. I've helped people
troubleshoot things with their games and
but even even as a PC gamer, I'm I'm not
super
knowledgeable. It's pretty basic stuff.
But then that thing, so like it is like
the no-brainer, but then that like isn't
it? You know, that's what's getting sent
to India and replaced with AI.
Um, and remember, by the time I would be
ready to do it, it'd be like five years
from now, at least a couple. And it's
like that kind of those trends I feel
like will just get worse and worse.
So
right now I'm kind of lost again. I'm
not totally lost. I'm still going to I'm
still looking into this thing which I
don't want to name. And I'm still going
to be doing this and I'm going to be
working a day job.
Cumberland Farms, Walmart, two of them,
70, 80 hours a week. It's going to be
awesome.
And at some point soon, I'm probably
gonna have to go back to school, get an
associates,
but I'm just I'm a little terrified,
scared,
and I I you know, I talked to my mom
earlier. She she she was pretty good,
but you know, mothers, they tell you
what you want to hear. They're nice
people. They love you.
Um helped me a little bit. made me feel
a little good, but
not enough to uh totally assuage my
fears.
So then I was like, well, the job market
is terrible. I wouldn't even be making
that much money anyway. It's take me I'd
be 40 years old when I start really in
earnest.
Just do the YouTube thing full-time.
But then I all those things I mentioned,
YouTube is not is a long shot in the
best of conditions. It's a long shot and
even if you manage to get successful,
it's it can be very short-lived.
Um, and I'm just I would never be the
kind of person who could be like Mr.
Beast and just like be a beast at
YouTube because sure you like Mr. Beast.
Yeah, if you do if you get Mr. Beast
levels, you do it for five years, you're
set for life. Maybe that's what I should
do.
H
maybe I should be Mr. Beast, the next
Mr. Beast. Because like if you get that
big, you're set for life and you only
have to work 5 10 years and you don't
have to work ever again. But again, am I
going to be the next Mr. Beast?
Probably not. Uh again, I I just I
wouldn't make that kind of content. That
kind of content just isn't
doesn't appeal to me. It it would feel
like working a you know, a desk job. you
know, it' just be a soulless like
extraction of of money for something
that I'm not really invested in
spiritually.
So, I don't know what to do. That's
that's the whole video. I don't This
isn't going anywhere. This is this
doesn't have a resolution yet. Maybe
we'll find out in a year's time if it
does.
But, uh, right now, I am just scared,
lost, confused, reg full of regret. And
if anyone
is younger than me, if you're like 20,
25, and maybe some of what I said
resonated with you, take my words to
heart, dude. You don't want to wake up
at 35 years old, still living at home,
no real marketable skills, no real
degrees,
wondering if you're going to be working
at Walmart until you're 75 years old,
living in welfare housing with
roommates.
You do not want to be in that position.
Now, this has been a little doom and
gloom. You know, I am hopeful. I am
There is optimism here. I'm 35. It's not
that old. I know a lot of people who are
older would watch me and go, "35? You're
so young." Well, if you're also being
realistic, it's not that young. It's a
lot older than 20. Um, but I recognize
that, you know, I'm not that old. you
know, I can, you know, as long as I get
to work right the [__] now and figure
out what I'm doing, which is what I'm
doing right now. And this video is a
part of it. Um, you know, I could bounce
back from this. I'll always suffer for
it, though. I'll never make as much
money as I could have. I'll always be
struggling a little unless I like hit
the lottery or something. I'll always be
struggling a little bit more than I
would need to. So, if you're young, if
you're in your 20s,
get started now. You know, even if it's
a and here's the thing, even if it's
like a boring ass field or degree, but
it's got good earning potential and you
can handle it, you know, do it for 10
years until you're 30, 35 years old.
You're still super young. You have a
decade plus of experience under your
belt. You'll probably have some money.
Save it. Invest it. be smart with your
money so that when you hit 40, even if
you don't want to continue doing what
you were doing because it's kind of
boring and you just did it for the
paycheck, well, you're still young
enough that you can kind of pivot and
but you have experience working in a
real field.
Um, you have some money under your belt
saved and invested so you can more
comfortably pivot to something else that
you'd want to do because trying to do
that from my position where you liter
I'm 35 and I I literally have nothing. I
have no money. This so this is so who is
be I'm just being honest. I'm just
trying to honestly tell my story here.
I'm 35 and I literally have nothing. And
that is a very scary position to be in.
Um so if you can hit 35 even if you
don't like what you're doing, you can
you can pivot from that. And you want to
be able to do that with some security,
money, skills, education,
so that you'll have that to fall back on
if you have to. Or you can maybe
transmute that into a new industry that
you weren't involved in initially that
you do like.
Um,
and yeah, this is, you know,
I'm sorry this doesn't have like a big
resolution to it. It doesn't have a big
um
happy ending. I'm still in the middle of
the story right now. Or yeah, I guess
I'm in the middle of the story.
So, I don't even know what's going to
happen.
Um,
I just wanted to get it out. I just
wanted to get my thoughts out,
express myself for me, not for you. I
hope it helped someone out there, but
I'm doing this for me. I'm doing this
just because
I do have I can talk to my mom. My dad
lives in another state. I can talk to
him. I'm going to talk to him on Friday.
It's Wednesday or Thursday now. I'll
talk to him tomorrow.
So, I, you know, I have those guys I can
talk to.
don't have a lot of friends. I have a
couple of internet friends, but internet
friends, you know, it's not really it's
not the same thing as a flesh and blood
connection.
So, I'm going to do some more
soularching.
Don't have a lot of time to do it,
though. The clock is a ticking.
I may end up going for this thing I've
been looking at. I'm I'm one thing I can
tell for sure is even if I never get any
subs and never get any views and never
make a dollar for it, I will be doing
content creation in some capacity
because it's what I want to do, right?
It's really what I want to do.
So then the question is, well, why don't
you just do that then? I've already
explained it. Security.
Security
age. If I was 20, if I had this
realization at 20, I would have gone
100% into it and I might have millions
of subs by now and be set. But I didn't.
I didn't. I started basically at 35,
right?
So, the one thing, the one, if there's
any reason to this video other than me
just bitching and moaning about my [__]
and putting it on other people, the one
thing you can take away from this video
is if you are young, get started now.
Because it goes by a lot quicker than
you think, you do not have as much time
as you think, but if you do use the time
that you do have effectively, you can
set yourself up to be in a lot better
position than I'm in.
So,
I think that's it. Thank you for
watching. I appreciate it.
Uh, I'll give an update. You know, I
think this is going to be like my
therapy. I'm broke. I can't afford a
therapist. So,
talk to my mom, talk to my dad, talk to
you guys, figure [__] out.
Maybe I'll make something happen. Like I
said, no matter what I do, no matter
what industry I get into, if I'm working
Walmart, if I'm programming or doing the
other thing, whatever it is, I'll always
do this in some capacity, because I have
to. I have to do this. As much as I have
to find a job that pays me real money, I
also have to do this. So, I'm gonna find
ways to balance the two. So, stay tuned
and I'll see you on the next one.